README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://getcandy.io/" target="_blank"><img src="https://getcandy.io/getcandy_logo.svg" width="400" alt="GetCandy"></a></p>

# Demo Store

This repository is provided as a reference to learn how to use GetCandy Laravel E-Commerce package. This example is a classic e-commerce store.

> **Warning**
> This application is purely an example of how you can implement GetCandy headless e-commerce for Laravel. It is not production ready or complete.

# Requirements

This demo store uses Meilisearch, for the best experience it is recommended you use this as well. If you want to use MySQL for search then you need to make sure you follow the configuration steps:

https://docs.getcandy.io/installation.html#search-configuration

# Installation

## Clone the repo

```bash
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/getcandy/demo-store.git
```

This will create a shallow clone of the repo, from there you would just need to remove the `.git` folder and reinitialise it to make it your own.

Then install composer dependencies

```bash
composer install
```

## Configure the Laravel app

Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` and make sure the details match to your install.

All the relevant configuration files should be present in the repo.

## Migrate and seed.

Run the migrations

```
php artisan migrate
```

Install GetCandy

```
php artisan getcandy:install
```

Seed the demo data.

```
php artisan db:seed
```

Link the storage directory

```
php artisan storage:link
```

---

This demo store uses Livewire to handle all routing and Laravel components where they make sense.

Commit message:

fix/store (#40)
* Update - Remove dependencies

* Add - Copy command for env

* Update - Bump GetCandy version

* Fix - Seeders

* Update - Use MySQL with Scout

* Update - Remove unused classes

* Fix - Broken tests

* Update - Format Blade files

* Fix - Tax seeder

* Fix - Keep StyleCI happy

* Apply fixes from StyleCI (#41)

Co-authored-by: StyleCI Bot <bot@styleci.io>

* Bump - Composer

* Fix - Seeders

* Fix - Unused use

* Fix - Seeders

* Fix - Cleanup

* Apply fixes from StyleCI (#42)

Co-authored-by: StyleCI Bot <bot@styleci.io>

Co-authored-by: StyleCI Bot <bot@styleci.io>

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://getcandy.io/" target="_blank"><img src="https://getcandy.io/getcandy_logo.svg" width="400" alt="GetCandy"></a></p>

# Demo Store

This repository is provided as a reference to learn how to use GetCandy Laravel E-Commerce package. This example is a classic e-commerce store.

> **Warning**
> This application is purely an example of how you can implement GetCandy headless e-commerce for Laravel. It is not production ready or complete.

# Requirements

This demo store uses MySQL as the Scout driver. This is not the recommended approach for a production environment, but it works well for development.

# Installation

## Clone the repo

```bash
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/getcandy/demo-store.git
```

This will create a shallow clone of the repo, from there you would just need to remove the `.git` folder and reinitialise it to make it your own.

Then install composer dependencies

```bash
composer install
```

## Configure the Laravel app

Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` and make sure the details match to your install.

```shell
cp .env.example .env
```

All the relevant configuration files should be present in the repo.

## Migrate and seed.

Run the migrations

```
php artisan migrate
```

Install GetCandy

```
php artisan getcandy:install
```

Seed the demo data.

```
php artisan db:seed
```

Link the storage directory

```
php artisan storage:link
```

---

This demo store uses Livewire to handle all routing and Laravel components where they make sense.
